Add alt text to Jupyter documentation (#1)
isabela-pf/jupyter: docs/source/community/community-call-notes/2021-april.md

- **Gonzalo** Internationalization workflow for extension developers

    - Some feedback... :man-facepalming: 

>         - ![Text asking why there is a delay for publishing the language packs needed for internationalization ](https://i.imgur.com/mho6Ka9.png)

Reviewer: I'm working on this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - ![A comment from a community members on internationalization: As I see, there is a delay with the creation and publishing of language packs. We use Jupyter Lab as a base for one of our products and we are interested in using language lacks in it (especially Chinese and Japanese. What is the reason for the delay and is it possible to help the project somehow? We are interested in contributing to the Jupyter Lab project in many domains, for example, sofrware development, testing and translation.](https://i.imgur.com/mho6Ka9.png)
```

Reviewer: Per Ely's suggestion, we could just delete the image and replace with this text. The image doesn't serve information in a better way than plain text.

There was discussion earlier of hesitancy to change past records (archival mindset). However, I feel that making documentation accessible for future use is a higher priority than maintaining an inaccessible record of the past.

Additionally, based on the context (re-occurring monthly community calls), this screenshot of text was probably used due to speed, ease of use and familiarity of the topic with the rest of the community call members.

Reviewer: In our alt-text writing guidelines (such as the upcoming SPEC document), we have a 'best practices' section. We could make an example similar to this to show comparison of what not to do.

    - **Nbterm**
        - [Blog: Jupyter Notebooks in the terminal](https://blog.jupyter.org/nbterm-jupyter-notebooks-in-the-terminal-6a2b55d08b70)
        - [Github Repository](https://github.com/davidbrochart/nbterm)

>           ![Notebook cell input and outputs represented in the terminal ](https://i.imgur.com/kzNyCno.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          ![Notebook cell input and outputs represented in the terminal. The terminal has a black background and syntax coloring. Line numbers appear to the left of each line as "In 1", "In 2" etc. Inputs appear as text within a grey bounding box. Each input line's output appears as grey text below the box. ](https://i.imgur.com/kzNyCno.png)
```
